VSEE-1168 | Updates to Scan 2.0 Installation page (#3036)
pivotal/docs-tap: scst-scan/install-app-scanning.hbs.md

The following section describes how to configure service accounts and registry credentials. SCST - Scan 2.0 requires the following access:

> | Registry | Permission | Service Account | Example |

Reviewer: Based on my experience - you are not required to do this if you are just using app-scanning as part of the supply chains right?  I think we should probably put a note at this header that this is optional if you are integrating Scan 2.0 as part of supply chains.  I think the only time you would need to worry about this would be if you are creating standalone IVS templates, right?

Reviewer: I guess from reading below - another scenario where you would want to do this is if the registry that the scan image and target image is different than the images that have the tap bundles and target for workload images that are created by TBS.

  - "Target image registry" is the registry containing the image to scan. This registry credential is required if you are scanning a private image. The "image to scan" will hereinafter be referred to as the "target image" or `TARGET-IMAGE`.
  - "Vulnerability scanner image registry" is the registry containing your vulnerability scanner image. This is only needed if you are bringing your own scanner and your vulnerability scanner image is located in a private registry different from the "Tanzu Application Platform bundles registry".
  - "Scan results location registry" is the registry to which scan results are published.

1. Create a secret `scanning-tap-component-read-creds` with read access to the registry containing the Tanzu Application Platform bundles. This pulls the SCST - Scan 2.0 images. If you previously relocated the Tanzu Application Platform bundles to your own registry, you can also place your vulnerability scanner image in this registry.

>     >**Important** If you followed the directions for [Install Tanzu Application Platform](../install-intro.hbs.md) and did not relocate images, skip this step and use the `tap-registry` secret with your service account. If you did relocate the images from VMware Tanzu Network registry to your own container image registry, skip this step and use the `registry-credentials` secret with your service account.

Reviewer: If we do the above, comment, we probably could remove this disclaimer entirely.

    Where:

    - `imagePullSecrets.name` is the name of the secret used to pull the scan component image from the registry.
    - `secrets.name` is the name of the secret used to publish the scan results.

8. Apply the service account to your developer namespace by running:
   ```console
   kubectl apply -f publisher-sa.yaml
   ```

## <a id="registry-retention-policy"></a> (Optional) Set up your registry retention policy

> If the registry specified to push scan results to supports retention policies, you can configure the registry to delete old scan results automatically depending on your archival requirements. Scan result artifacts accumulate over time and with recurring scanning, artifacts can quickly consume storage space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the scan artifacts are ingested in to the Tanzu Application Platform metadata store and information like packages and vulnerabilities parsed are stored, only a pointer to the the original SBOM location stored.  The original SBOM generated by the scan is not preserved within the metadata store.  VMware recommends these original architacts are kept according to your organizations archival requirements.  

Although not recommended, if the registry specified to push scan results to supports retention policies, you can configure the registry to delete old scan results automatically depending on your archival requirements. Scan result artifacts accumulate over time and can quickly consume storage space.
```
Couple thoughts here - we shouldn't recommend people to delete this as they have pointers stored to them within AMR, and it might be important to the customer to keep the original SBOM.  This will get more important as we move to signed sbom's/attestations.

Also, we shouldn't mention recurring scanning as it's not part of the product yet.
